Humble hande integration (#18)
maffettone/erobs: src/ur3e_hande_robot_description/README.md

**config/ur3e**

Configuration files for the ur3e robot are directly copied from the humble version of the package [*Universal_Robots_ROS2_Description*](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Description/tree/29e90d5095fdf4af99eba3c3eae153d7d5d769c0/config/ur3e).
These configurations are free to be adjusted. 

**meshes/hande**

These files contains designs for the hand-e robot. .dae files are directly taken from *Acutronic Robotic*'s [robotiq_modular_gripper](https://github.com/AcutronicRobotics/robotiq_modular_gripper/tree/4e708524e5dd20753f711686eb2cd1017a25a09e/robotiq_hande_gripper_description/meshes). These design files were not available in *Robotiq*'s github repositories.

**urdf/hande.xacro**

The description file for the hand-e gripper. This is inspired from *Acutronic Robotic*'s [robotiq_modular_gripper](https://github.com/AcutronicRobotics/robotiq_modular_gripper/blob/4e708524e5dd20753f711686eb2cd1017a25a09e/robotiq_hande_gripper_description/urdf/robotiq_hande.urdf.xacro) and extended to include paramters from config/hande. 

**urdf/ur_with_hande.urdf.xacro**

> This file creates the description for the ur3e robot and attaches the hande gripper. Ur3e robot module is created to be incompatible to the humble version of the the package [ur_description](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Description/blob/29e90d5095fdf4af99eba3c3eae153d7d5d769c0/urdf/ur.urdf.xacro) by the following line 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file creates the description for the ur3e robot and attaches the hande gripper. Ur3e robot module is created to be directly compatible with the humble version of the the package [ur_description](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Description/blob/29e90d5095fdf4af99eba3c3eae153d7d5d769c0/urdf/ur.urdf.xacro) by the following line 
```
